POX, Ryu, ONOS and OpenDaylight. These are 4 SDN controllers and we are using Ryu in our project it's specially designed for the agility of the network and for managing the higher traffic rate.
Some advantages of the Ryu controller include:
It's written in Python
It provides well-defined software components and APIs
It supports event-driven programming
It supports multiple southbound protocols, including:
OpenFlow
Network Configuration Protocol (NETCONF)
OpenFlow Management and Configuration Protocol (OF-Config)
It's designed for network agility and managing higher traffic rates
                             The Ryu controller supports the following NBI APIs:
Restful
REST
REST/RPC user-defined API






Electronic health records (EHRs) replace paper versions of patient medical histories. EHRs include more health data, test results, and treatments. They can also share data with other EHRs.
Wearable devices can monitor and record real-time information about a person's physiological condition and motion activities. These devices can include:
Heart rate monitors
Bluetooth asthma inhalers
Flexible sensors that can be integrated into textile fiber, clothes, and elastic bands










Fog computing is a decentralized computing structure that sits between the cloud and devices that produce data. It's also known as fog networking or fogging.

                  Fog computing:
Enables users to place resources in logical locations to enhance performance
Brings the advantages and power of the cloud closer to where data is created and acted upon
Reduces the reliance on the cloud for resource-intensive tasks, improving performance and reducing latency
Facilitates the operation of computing, storage, and networking services between end devices and computing data centers
Offers more computing power than edge computing and does so faster than cloud computing
Is utilized when only a small amount of data has to be sent to the cloud
Can provide security for IoT devices by performing cryptographic computations
                Fog computing is used when:
Only a small amount of data has to be sent to the cloud
A large number of services must be delivered over a broad region and at various places






What is a Layer 3 switch used for?
Layer 3 switches make the use of virtual local area networks (VLANs) and interVLAN routing easier and faster.
    LAN switching is a type of packet switching that uses hardware to transfer data packets between computers in a network








Data shuffling is a process that randomly redistributes data across different partitions to enable parallel processing and better performance. It's a common task that's usually performed before model training to create more representative training and testing sets.